Readme updates (#429)
Particular/NServiceBus.Transport.AzureServiceBus: README.md

# Azure Service Bus Transport for NServiceBus

The Azure ServiceBus transport for NServiceBus enables the use of the Azure Service Bus Brokered Messaging service as the underlying transport used by NServiceBus. 

> This transport targets the Azure Service Bus .NET Standard client library available through the [Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus nuget package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transport uses the [Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus/) NuGet package.
```
